so in total looking at about 300,000
Scoville units they're going to do not
get on to 450 it's so strong it smells
like int that I headed in this you had
into this Congress smells that bad it's
a little plastic cup in it hurts too I
can smell it you really almost like the
crying that's by smelling it so
basically as as a little high as a
little thing for charity this is one of
our incentives for hitting 1200 in total
and I won't eat this entire pepper just
as high as I oh my god no God for
reference of anyone who's wondering
300,000 Scovel's is it's cleaner than a
habanero it's pretty high ladies and
gentlemen uh-uh bottoms up you better
have something is right there oh my god
this hurts me just looking oh Jesus rekt
wanna be bi in a second oh my god Greg
one what do you want oh good reg why do
you want to be buried at out there hey
Greg wash your hands you should wash
your hair oh yeah don't touch your using
yeah oh my god hey turns super red um
wonder why it's the hottest thing on the
Scoville unit of courses hi how are you
hi charities great Frankie brick home hi
Greg oh you are you holding you crying a
little bit my god that's Jesus Christ
freight rate great something no one
minute I made it I made a promise to be
one minute of no mother oh my god um um
um um work memo to salivate sets apps me
huh
salivating it's a legit it's up we're
just I gotta for you it's salivating
right now and it's probably hurting
right now my baby make a barely talk it
hurts the rounds of my mouth this part
of my cheeks hurt time damn it Greg it's
so hot you could barely talk you're
right right next yes Ricky I like Riley
you turning in uncle days okay um when
we hit 5000 I will do in the California
Reaper No ya know if we hit 5000 no way
yeah are you a ford you Reaper I grow
them are you grub California Reapers
with the fuck yes um and it burn we bury
you Nick Ford or e gz compare any
wherever you want um where oh my god is
that what is what is the callup for
those who are don't know what is the
hottest pepper as far as I remember I on
the school will unit just about they go
I think a milk ah billion okay okay
there's no Luca okay a minute no you're
good you're good okay well everyone ran
out clothes for Greg Greg I don't think
that the milky way round of applause for
Greg for charity everybody I caught two
bottles of water in my hand good all
right thank you knew you were going to
need multiple wha what what come you
going to golf that do you have any down
evil final words before we head out no
he's drinking the water and can you
blame him for like I love charity golf
that water Gulf that water